[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: I thought it was
a good opportunity for
us to take a quick look back at what
we've gone through over this workshop.
As I said, this represents kind of the
baseline that I really want all JavaScript
developers to feel like they can get to.
So it's kind of a full court press saying,
let's get the word out,
let's get people practicing and
trying to get to that point.
So, let's make sure we
understand where we've come,
cuz we've come quite a way since
the beginning of the workshop, so far.
So first, in your own words, how would
you describe to me what callback hell is?
What is it really?
>> Speaker 2: Inversion of control.
>> Kyle: Inversion of control
is one of the key aspects.
What else?
>> Speaker 2: Out of sequence.
>> Kyle: The non-local,
non-sequential reasoning.
So what is callback hell?
Callback hell isn't deficiency
of the callbacks pattern alone,
when you don't have anything else but
the callback.
It's not capable of addressing
these major deficiencies.
One of them being a version of control.
One of them being non-local
non-sequential reasoning.
So callbacks,
while they're the atomic fundamental
building block upon which everything we
doing, even that fancy generator stuff
is still got callbacks happening.
But without those
additional patterns on top,
the callbacks are not capable
of addressing these issues.
So we need to put higher order patterns
on top of them to address those problems.
That's what callback hell really is?
You know is that really has very little
to do with the nesting an indentation.
That's a side symptom of vast, okay.
What is a Promise?
I gave two or
three different metaphoric ways or
ways of thinking about what a Promise is.
A conceptually speaking,
what is a Promise?
>> Speaker 2: It's a placeholder for
a value.
>> Kyle: Placeholder for a value.
It's a future cheeseburger, right?
It's a future value, it's the cheeseburger
I'm going to get at some point.
What else is it?
>> Speaker 2: Trust.
>> Kyle: That's what it does and
we'll get to talking more about
what it does in just a minute.
But metaphorically,
I gave you at least two other ways
of thinking about what it does.
Remember, I talked about it
being a completion event.
It's like an event listener
that we get back and
we can register for a completion event,
in this case is called the then event.
It's another way and another third
way of thinking about it is that,
it's a callback manager.
We pass our callback to
the promise system and
it manages them in a way that gives
us that trust as you just said.
We want that trust back.
And by passing them into
the promise system,
we know that promise system
are designed with that trust.
So it solves a version of control because
instead of passing our callbacks into
a third party that we don't trust,
instead they give us a promise back
a trustable system and
we let that system manager called us.
So an invert that inversion of control or
rather just simply restraints
the control that we always have.
How do you pause a generator?
>> Speaker 3: Yield.
>> Kyle: Yield, and
how do you resume a generator?
>> Speaker 3: Iterate.next.
>> Kyle: .next, and what was that one
magical trick for combining generators and
promises together?
>> Speaker 3: Yield a promise.
>> Kyle: Yielding a promise, exactly.
Yield a promise and
then the promise resumes the generator.
It's accurate, okay?
Great.
You want to read more about generators.
I have a four part blog post series to
read about it in addition to the books.
So there's plenty to go and
read in there and I challenge you
encourage you to go dig in on this.